# Azure AZ103 Studies Guide 

This file contains the most relevant topics to study for Microsoft AZ103 Exam 

## [Planning a cloud-based Azure Multi-Factor Authentication deployment](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/authentication/howto-mfa-getstarted)

People are connecting to organizational resources in increasingly complicated scenarios. People connect from organization-owned, personal, and public devices on and off the corporate network using smart phones, tablets, PCs, and laptops, often on multiple platforms. In this always-connected, multi-device and multi-platform world, the security of user accounts is more important than ever. Passwords, no matter their complexity, used across devices, networks, and platforms are no longer sufficient to ensure the security of the user account, especially when users tend to reuse passwords across accounts. Sophisticated phishing and other social engineering attacks can result in usernames and passwords being posted and sold across the dark web.

Azure Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) helps safeguard access to data and applications. It provides an additional layer of security using a second form of authentication. Organizations can use Conditional Access to make the solution fit their specific needs.

### Enable Multi-Factor Authentication with Conditional Access
Conditional Access policies enforce registration, requiring unregistered users to complete registration at first sign-in, an important security consideration.

Azure AD Identity Protection contributes both a registration policy for and automated risk detection and remediation policies to the Azure Multi-Factor Authentication story. Policies can be created to force password changes when there is a threat of compromised identity or require MFA when a sign-in is deemed risky by the following events:

Leaked credentials  
1. Sign-ins from anonymous IP addresses  
2. Impossible travel to atypical locations  
3. ign-ins from unfamiliar locations  
4. Sign-ins from infected devices  
5. Sign-ins from IP addresses with suspicious activities  

Some of the risk events detected by Azure Active Directory Identity Protection occur in real time and some require offline processing. Administrators can choose to block users who exhibit risky behaviors and remediate manually, require a password change, or require a multi-factor authentication as part of their Conditional Access policies.
